# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 1.11.2021 16:00

**Participants**: 
1. Prince 
2. Milla 
3. Hechukwedere 
4. Oriyomi 

## Summary of works
First meeting, no actual work done.

## Challenges
Questions that needs to check with Markus:

1. Should user be able to control the package size that are sent between Nodes?

2. Do Nodes need to manage the dataflow on both directions at the same time (receive/send)? My guess is that some multithreading would be needed in this case.
 
3. Should we start building the code with Qt from the start as we are planning to use that framework to build the GUI?

4. How can we add simple pipeline to our Aalto Gitlab for testing and building or what is the best practice in our case to ensure that master branch stays unbroken?

5. In this simulation, what is expected of the TCP/IP protocol implementation?

## Actions
1. Prince is going to write the Introduction and purpose part of the plan 
2. Milla will write the scope of work 
   monster classes.
3. Hechukwedere is going to write about requirements
4. Oriyomi will write about High Level structure


## Project status 
Plan in progress. Meeting with Markus on Friday. 

----------------------------------------------------------------


# Meeting 8.11.2021 20:00

**Participants**: 
1. Prince 
2. Milla 
3. Hechukwedere 
4. Oriyomi 

## Summary of works
Project plan done and submittted, waiting for feedback. GUI base done by Prince. Other still trying to figure out how the project is structured.

## Challenges
Big picture seems confusing. Where should I start? How about tests and git branching? The team is not familiar with the Qt. 


## Actions
Prince will implement “Ok” button so the Node can be added to the GUI.  

Milla will familiarize herself with Qt and start adding functionalities, she will decide together with Prince.  

Hechukwedere and Oriyomi will start implementing the classes that are defined in the project plan.  

Everyone should read and understand the project plan throughly and study a little about Qt.  

Git branches should be done by feature - small increments at the time. 

## Project status 
Still on early steps but started. Only some GUI parts are done, backend missing.


----------------------------------------------------------------
